Okay.
Hey,
what's going on is bill bird,
it's the Monday morning podcast for Monday,
March 9th,
2015 how's it going?
How I,
yeah.
Um,
oh,
Billy bloodbath was fucking sick as a god damn dog.
I think all of the world travel caught up to me.
I had a sore throat.
I think I got a bad case of fucking,
you know,
I was over there in Southeast Asia.
You know what I mean?
You got to love the Asians.
The second they start getting sick,
what do they do?
They walk around coughing all over everybody like they do here in America.
Fuck No.
They go on and they get themselves a surgical mask.
God knows they're so goddamn smart.
Half of them are probably in medical school,
so they probably get them free of charge.
But still it's still consider it.
Right.
I Dunno.
Maybe I fucking walked by somebody over there that wasn't wearing one.
Who should've been with like the one inconsiderate person in Hong Kong or
Singapore or something.
All like there.
You know what the reality was as I went through all
Jesus.
And this is like the best I've felt in three days.
And I know what you guys are gonna say.
Oh,
you know what it is,
Bill,
it's just cigars.
Well fuck.
Yo.
Okay.
I don't need to hear from you.
Leonard Nimoy sent a tweet on his fucking death bed that changed my world.
Alright.
Um,
I'm done.
What the fuck?
I'm not done with them,
but I'm done with them.
All right.
I haven't smoked in
two weeks.
Oh yeah.
Why are you being so cunty?
All right,
it's good.
That's good for me.
It's good for me.
You know,
two weeks without a stove.
16 days I've gone and uh,
I'm good man.
I'm not going to smoke one until I do that.
The bus tour,
when I go down south,
man,
go down there fucking swamp.
Playful,
right down there.
Where do they do?
Well?
They're down there.
Wrassling and owl.
Gay.
Your
boy,
what you doing?
I see what you're doing.
And it was rhetorical question,
why don't you go wait out into the swamp and see what you can catch with your
foot?
Drag it back on the beach and I'll shoot it with shotgun mom over there throwing
a pot.
What do you think?
Huh?
Thank you.
That little skit was called the other white people.
You know what I mean?
When they're always trying to act like white people,
all evil running banks,
you know,
just remember some of them are in swamps shooting varmints so they can eat that
night.
That's what I learned this week when I just sat,
I sat in bed,
I laid in bed for fucking Thursday right through to yesterday.
Sunday I just stayed in bed.
I fucking canceled everything.
I was just,
you know,
cancelled shows,
I was supposed to go on a picnic.
I said,
I can't do that.
You know,
which really upset things because not only was I bringing the basket,
I was also bringing a tablecloth.
So my apologies.
I'm kidding.
Come in and have a picnic.
You know what,
I'm thinking of a picnic because I,
I,
uh,
okay.
I saw this thing with Louis Vuitton makes they actually make this fucking little
bar.
There's portable bar.
This when you know,
you're opposed.
How'd you know your wife's looking at some fucking,
you know,
whatever the fuck they look at in those stores and you're like,
just thumbing through the catalog.
Go and look at this overpriced bullshit.
Right?
Then all of a sudden you go,
oh wait a minute,
they get a bar and you can bring it with you.
Like that's like some old school shit before mothers against drinking and
driving before drinking a driver was even a problem.
First of all,
back in the day,
it's like how many people live in add cars?
Right.
You know,
it's barely any fucking roads and they were all pretty much straight.
Went right from the farmhouse,
right to downtown.
Right.
There wasn't a problem.
You made your booze at home anyways,
right in your bathtub there where it wasn't a problem.
So that was the thing.
He had to bring your boots from home over to somebody else's that I had just,
I dunno,
I ain't what the fuck I'm talking about.
But I laid in bed for a,
um,
I dunno if Thursday,
Friday,
Saturday and writing to Sunday and I watched a bunch of sports and I watched a
bunch of fucking movies
all from like the middle of the movie.
Like I saw the middle of this Seth Rogen neighbors movie.
I saw that just about right after they had moved the kids and moved in until the
end of the movie.
Then I flipped over.
I kept missing like the first 20 minutes,
every movie I saw the Vince Vaughn all in Wilson.
I don't know what happened.
Somehow they ended up at this computer company.
Okay.
I saw that one.
Uh,
oh.
And then I watched that whole fucking,
that Robert Darce jinxed.
Does anybody even watching that spot?
This fucking rich dude,
right?
This rich fella who,
uh,
he's just jinxed like everywhere he goes,
like somebody dies.
It's like murder she wrote,
except this person's always the suspect.
That was like the old joke with like murder.
She wrote,
like everywhere that woman went,
there was always a murder,
but she was never a suspect.
Well this guy,
everywhere he went there was a murder and he was always the suspect.
I mean there's poor bastard,
you know,
somebody was always getting murdered in his vicinity.
Okay.
And they kept trying to pin it on him and they couldn't do it.
Like his first wife,
his first wife,
he said I took her down to the train station and that's the last time I ever
saw.
Okay.
That was like 30 years ago.
They never were able to pin that on him.
He had some broad out in Cali living in la.
Uh,
they have them in the state of California,
but he flew into northern California way up north,
like near Eureka.
And so all they can do is put them in the state,
which is like saying,
you know,
there was a murder in South Carolina.
Uh,
yeah,
well I was in Massachusetts.
I mean that's how long the fucking state is.
And then the last one was a,
he had a tenant and that one he actually admitted to killing,
but he said it was a self defense and he chopped up the body cause he didn't
think anybody was going to believe him.
You got to see this thing and just the way the guy talks.
Okay.
He sounds like the guy who does the voiceover on the Cadbury egg egg
commercials,
you know,
cause when he's gone,
they're gone.
He sounded just like that.
Like he would just be going like,
I never knowingly lied.
I never,
I never purposely,
I never purposely lied about anything.
I mean telling the whole truth.
I mean,
nobody tells the whole truth,
but I never allied.
I mean sure it did.
I leave things out.
You know,
you asked your skin if I leave this out
because it won't be not the truth.
But
if I'm worried of how it will be interpreted that it could actually hurt me,
then yes,
you leave it out.
But I never purposely knowingly lied.
You gotta see this guy again.
The more you watch the show,
I mean,
right off the bat you're like,
this fucking guy did this shit.
And the more you watch it,
you're just like,
you don't go in the other direction.
You're like this guy,
this guy really did this shit.
This guy without a doubt.
The how is this Guy Walking?
Oh,
that's right.
He sees filthy,
stinking rich.
I watched that and I watched fucking people down in a swamp shooting gators,
ms kid,
all nervous wanting to rassle is first alligator.
And I thought it was like Jesus Christ,
he's going to get in the water with this fucking thing.
And all it meant was when they got one on the line trying to pull it into the
boat without having that thing pull you over,
pull yonder while your uncle sits there with the shotgun going,
hold him still and they fucking blow his head off.
Okay,
well what do you do with it?
And I,
you just sitting there like,
you got to shoot an alligator in the face.
I mean,
you gotta think like his belly alone.
Okay.
You get those large scales of some shoes.
I mean there's pimps out there,
they'll pay 12 grand a pair.
Right.
Walk it over to Tom.
Um,
[inaudible]
I never knowingly,
I'm rolling.
I'm gonna use that with my wife one time.
Right
when she sits that giving me shit about something,
you know,
he's touching,
it'd be home at he,
it's four in the morning,
eh?
Hell,
this show,
it'd be like,
look,
I never purposely knowingly lied about when I was going to come home to you.
Did I leave out some of the truths about buying the last 14 rounds?
I mean,
nobody tells the whole truth.
MMM.
Anyways,
so,
uh,
what else did I watch?
I watched Carolina.
Duke.
Yeah.
Dave,
you,
they go up or I watch that shit and just sat there enjoying that rivalry.
And whenever I watched Duke Carolina or any big like college football game,
does anybody else like this?
Like don't you,
did you ever just wish like,
man,
I wish I studied.
You know,
I wish I studied in high school and actually got into a good college so I could
follow a fucking,
you know,
it's a college I went to.
I had no fucking sports programs.
There was no way to follow.
It's no way to follow.
What do I do?
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
You fucking go to Ohio state like any fucking mouth breathe and jerk off in,
in,
in this state of Ohio.
It's a fucking state school.
You can get in there,
university in Michigan.
Just to be fair with that rivalry,
if you,
if you could be living in a Goddamn fucking cow patch on the upper peninsula of
Michigan,
you can go to the University of Michigan.
All you gotta do is add a,
know what you gotta do fucking,
you know,
have like a fucking B minus average.
Maybe they'd come stumbling on that campus campus with your fucking a blue and
maize Poncho when you're in the game.
Okay.
Yeah.
Little bus city.
They got there.
There's fucking campus is so big.
They got buses and shit.
They got all these fucking schools.
Well,
you don't even have to be that smart to get into like USC.
There's another one.
You just show up with a tan line.
You get in at the school and then for the rest of your fucking life you get
this.
You get to kind of still be connected and root for the old team,
you know,
put on your raccoons fucking floor length coat.
Okay,
Rah Rah sis boom bar,
right?
23 Skidoo,
whatever the fuck they do call a statue of Liberty play.
You get to fucking hang in there
fucking,
what the hell was I thinking?
Why didn't I stay?
I never purposely
didn't study or lie to my teachers.
I'm no fucking kills me.
Kills me that my adopted school is Lsu.
Right?
Like that's,
that's one of those schools that like,
you know,
basically if you just have teeth,
they're going to let you in.
If you're in fucking Louisiana and you know,
I know this is offending a lot of people,
but the truth hurts those giant fucking schools,
they have so many buildings,
they have so much real estate.
The fucking,
the overhead they have.
Just to keep that,
just to keep the grass mowed.
Anything with the pulse that's from that state that's walking in,
they're taking your money.
They don't give a fuck.
Go ahead,
go,
go buy a God damn fucking go tigers tee shirt,
go fucking do that.
And then,
then they,
they,
they give it to the out of state people.
Like I actually would had been smart as an out of state student to get into Lsu.
All right,
but if,
if I lived in Louisiana,
okay,
alright.
That was down there in the swamp,
right down there in the marsh.
You know what I mean?
My fucking genes all rolled up mid calf down there trying to get some
sidewinders and some fucking crawfish,
whatever they do down there.
You don't have time to fucking learn how to read.
You know,
fucking state like Louisiana and me,
come on,
we all,
the Alabama University of Alabama,
I mean in Auburn,
Jesus Christ,
they just have this invisible line.
They just trying to get people to learn how to read even at eight at even at the
college level,
if you just fucking somewhere,
you know,
they just trying to get caught up.
Okay.
Just so there's still recognized as a state.
Anybody in the northern part,
you guys,
where you guys wear Crimson,
which is they think is so like,
oh my God,
a fancy name for the word red.
Right.
They let them go to fucking Alabama and then any animals left down south.
They send them to Auburn.
That's all it is.
And then what they did was went out of state.
People show up,
everybody fucking dresses up and they put on this saddle shoes and they're
fucking sweaters and then they jack up the prices.
You know what I mean?
Because someone like me,
I came from a real state Massachusetts and you know I'm used to schools like
fucking Harvard and Mit.
Okay.
Like that's like,
that's the high watermark of where I'm,
where my head is that obviously I'm going to think that you have to be smart to
go to the University of Georgia.
I've never been there.
I don't realize that most of the people don't have running water in these
states.
So if I was to show up there,
I would just be,
you know,
I would have to pay through the nose.
So that's why I never,
uh,
I didn't study
okay.
When I was in high school,
cause I was like,
then,
well,
there's no way I'm getting into Harvard.
There's no way of getting into MIT and every other school,
you know,
hearing fucking Massachusetts is just basically,
uh,
you know,
let's get shit faced for four years essentially.
Right.
I got to pick one of these schools.
Oh.
And I went to all of them,
went to like three different schools in Massachusetts for,
I finally finished up.
Right.
But I never went out of state because I just assumed that,
you know,
you had to be smart to get into those schools had,
I know now that I've gone around and I've done stand up at most of those schools
and I saw the,
the,
the unbelievable,
uh,
the horror of what is the educational system in this country.
I mean,
I think I would've studied,
what do I want it gone?
Yeah.
What's funny,
if somebody is going to cut that up and they're gonna put it on some fucking,
uh,
returning sophomore website or the funding of the incoming freshmen thing.
Can I get fucking sued for libel?
Maybe,
and I'll just say it's,
it's a comedy podcast.
It was just jokes.
I wasn't knowingly lying about your school,
by the way.
Speaking of that type of Shit,
getting in trouble for shit that you say.
I've got to tell you something right now.
Watching curt Schilling going after everybody who trolled his fucking daughter
is one of the greatest things I've ever seen on the Internet.
I am,
I am so
like just loving every second of watch and curt Schilling do that shit.
That's the funniest shit ever.
This I,
as far as I can tell,
he's the first guy that ever flip the light switch on and sent all the roaches
running for the corners.
Oh,
those tough talk and fucking,
I mean,
you know,
these people that just fucking fucking around or whatever and shellings going
like,
you know,
I know all their names.
I know where they live.
I know where they work and how he's going to shut them down
and how these tweets are going to follow them for the rest of their lives.
It's like current.
You're not that important.
It's not going to follow you them for the rest of the life for their lives.
Okay.
It's very current.
You know,
and then it's going to be fucking over.
But I think it's going to be,
but I actually think it's funny that every once in a while you need that
balance,
you know,
just to keep trolls on their toes.
I don't know.
I think it's funny.
It's fucking hill.
I mean,
God knows comedians get in trouble for everything.
It'd be five seconds white.
Why can't trolls
just fucking idiots.
A congratulations.
They weren't even good jokes either.
Congratulations,
my daughter,
she's going to be pitching at this school.
This is the way I'm gonna rape her tweet.
Then he loses his job at like fucking Papa John's.
He's sitting there crying and some empty pizza box.
It was just a joke,
man.
I can't believe that guy with the fucking world series rings is taking my job,
So I'm in the Yankees Organization lost their fucking job.
I think it's fucking,
it's hilarious.
You know,
cause they do it to entertainers all the fucking time.
Anything that we tweet all of a sudden is taken seriously.
All of a sudden you can't go AFLAC or whatever the fuck people's jobs where
obviously you lose that million dollar job but good for you that you lose your
fucking,
uh,
working at Starbucks job.
I don't know.
I just think it's funny.
I think it would be great.
I think that would great if every once in a while that happened to trolls
guys.
I Apologize Man.
No,
what happened was when I was really sick,
I was cranking the heat like an asshole and a,
now we're going to assholes.
Go to the fucking sweats and chills,
sweats and chills.
When I was like,
I was kicking heroin or something and I was cranking the heat.
And then my throat got unbelievably dry and dry.
I never knowingly had a dry throat.
I'm sorry,
I'm gonna Start doing that.
And I never attributed to the fact that I was cause I was sick.
I was actually dry it out the fucking hair.
And uh,
last night I finally took out the old uh,
humidifier and it changed my goddamn world.
And you know,
something I never would've thought to do that if I didn't try to get my pilot's
license cause I wouldn't have learned about the weather and moisture in the air.
And if there never would have understood it,
it still would have been magic whether always blew my mind that people couldn't
understand what was going on.
I'm like,
it was like air is invisible.
That's one of the most,
that's what,
to me,
that's one of the greatest accomplishments of human beings as being able to
understand weather.
Like how to fuck somebody sat there and rather just enjoying the breeze.
Had to figure out why there was a breeze.
Figure it out somehow that,
that there was air more dense than other air
in that high pressure wants to go to low pressure.
And when you feel a breeze,
that's fucking air moving from one.
Okay.
System two.
And I would have fuck has time to figure that out.
Or maybe you're standing in a,
in a fucking,
I don't know.
In an alley.
Yeah.
And you get in the fucking a Venturi like in
a cabaret,
right?
Like who had the fucking to the those fucking eggheads you just got,
you got to give it to them.
Okay.
But I gotta tell you,
we are a,
despite our smart way,
way too smart for our own fucking good.
I am convinced to that shit.
I gotta tell you that's why that,
that fucking fella there,
you know.
Oh,
pretzel man there,
you know,
with the computer voice really annoys the shit out of me because he's,
the stuffies predicting is,
it's pretty basic,
isn't it?
Okay.
He's basically predicting that we're going,
that we're going to be,
uh,
you know,
we're going to be,
we're going to hasten our own demise.
It's just like,
Gee,
wow.
How'd you come up with that?
Because of every fucking thing we've ever done.
You jerk off
so fucking sad.
Everybody's so fucking blown away is cause he's got a computer voice.
You know what I mean?
They didn't treat Roger Ebert that way.
All of a sudden he didn't know every fucking thing about movies.
Daddy,
why are we listening to this guy?
Like he fucking knows everything.
You know what gives you feel bad for him?
You know,
maybe it was a cunt.
Okay.
You just don't know it now.
Now he doesn't have the ability to do it,
but he was a pompous ass.
It's kind of like the original hater,
isn't he?
He's just fucking,
and he's kind of,
rather than doing an individually on Twitter,
he's fucking doing it to the whole world.
I love all those people like that.
It's just like,
you know something,
why don't you fucking wheel yourself into Vegas?
Okay.
And Go make it just fucking when every God damn game.
If you're this good about the future and shit,
why don't you go bet on some fucking football games?
Why don't you sit down at a blackjack table?
All right.
It just bust some casino out.
Stop with your fucking oh and your future title.
Waves going to shut up.
Hmm.
Guy Going around giving speeches.
Unbelievable.
Um,
anyways,
uh,
Jesus,
that's a bad one.
That was the whole Jesus.
I was a bad,
you know,
I'm blaming that last one.
A cold medicine.
Um,
all right.
This is,
this is the,
this is the Monday morning podcast here and um,
I know it's a little late this morning,
but uh,
like I said,
I'm trying to finish up that helicopter shit.
And I had a lesson this morning,
right?
And had to cancel two last week because I had whooping cough that I had to go
this morning.
I did,
I fly,
actually flew pretty good.
Yeah.
I flew over the La River and when I looked down,
I saw this guy on a segue.
I swear to God,
I think he fucking juiced it up.
You know,
having a cough really affects your time.
All right.
You know what I need?
I need a lodge.
Okay.
Touched me knocking or is that the dog?
Cleo,
what are you doing?
Oh my God,
I'm going to to hit fucking pause.
Oh,
and I didn't tell you guys this is sick as I am.
Fuck Hi.
I'm,
you know,
one of the things when you're sick is a man,
by the time you come out the other side,
you have a beard,
right?
There's somebody having a beard.
It just makes you feel like you're homeless,
right?
So,
hi,
head is shaved,
the SIG off.
I'm going to try to talk through the coughs
and I'm
flying.
This is fucking unreal.
Um,
so I go to shave this fucking thing off.
I did pause.
All right,
I'm back.
Jesus Christ.
That got bad.
Those are the cough up a fucking lung here.
So,
okay,
go to trim this fucking beard off.
And I'm Trevor to the whiskers around my mouth and my nose is stuffed up cause I
have a cold.
So without realizing it,
my mouth was a little bit open.
It was breathing through my mouth and I inhaled a fucking whisker,
but it's still the back of my throat that's fucking driving me nuts.
I've eaten like half a loaf of fucking bread.
I can't get it out of it.
So right now when it switches around,
I already had the sore throat.
Then I got this fucking whisker back there.
I'm in my own living hell here.
Dino,
last night.
I'm laying in bed.
Stop.
Sorry.
All right.
I'm back.
Jesus fucking Christ.
There's something happens when I'm fucking,
my nose gets stuffed up.
I stopped breathing through my mouth.
It dries up my throat and in that fucking a whisker starts wagging its tail back
there and I'm finished.
Um,
so last night I'm laying in bed
and um,
well that's fucking whiskers driving me crazy
and
I just,
I just opened my eyes and said,
fuck this.
Like,
you know that moment and no country for old men when,
uh,
what's his face decides he's going to go back and get that dude some Agua.
It was like that moment,
right?
And I went upstairs and I opened up this takeout food,
like a utensils.
And I took out the knife.
Okay.
All right.
And then I got some invisible tape or whatever the fuck you call,
you know,
masking tape,
you know the fucking shit you do to wrap presents with whatever the fuck it's
called tape.
And uh,
I fucking tape up the handle right.
And then I just take this fucking plastic knife with the tape on it and I just
stick it down my throat because my thing is the tape is going to stick to the
hair and it's going to pull out.
Well,
what ended up happening was I stuck it down my throat and uh,
once the tape gets wet,
it doesn't work.
I didn't realize that.
So I kept putting it down my throat.
Then as I'm putting it down my throat,
it just ignoring the gag reflex,
it's just ongoing.
You are just doing that.
Right.
Which is also causing my tongue to become concave,
which is making it harder.
I needed to fucking stand strong.
So I was thinking that that's the reason why I couldn't get this fucking thing.
And,
uh,
yeah,
I finally just mentally it was just like I'm ignoring the gag reflex.
Yeah.
And I was able to fucking mind.
Fuck the gag reflex for a split second.
Yeah.
And,
but what the result was,
I made a noise that sounded like somebody else made it.
It didn't even sound like my own voice and it actually made me laugh
and then I puked
and I got to tell you so
the fucking hair is still back there.
I can't get rid of it.
So I guess I just got to eat like 90,000 fucking loaves of bread if anybody.
Okay.
Has the solution.
I looked it up on the internet.
Nobody has a solution.
Nobody out there.
Nobody knows what the fuck you supposed to do.
All right.
Um,
okay.
Hey,
by the way,
uh,
I'm going to read emails at the end of this.
If you'd like to send an email to this podcast,
the podcast email is bill@themmpodcast.com and the Twitter is at the m m
podcast.
All right.
Yeah,
right.
Okay.
Here we go.
Reactions
to last week's email about keeping the name Isis Bill.
The overwhelming majority of people said,
uh,
that,
that they should keep the name isis reasons varied from don't let the terrorist
win too.
It's a great song.
Okay,
so there you go.
Follow up to the girlfriend's breath stinks.
Oh,
I remember a couple of weeks ago this guy,
I met the woman of his dreams and,
um,
okay.
Her breath is George Carlin would say a could knock a buzzard off a shit wagon.
Um,
he had to figure out a nice way to say that.
MMM.
All right,
Bill,
here's the followup bill.
I emailed a few weeks ago,
but a few weeks back asking you what to do about my girlfriend's breath.
Your advice.
Well,
as Nias was taken to heart and put in action.
Oh,
Jesus.
Here we go.
Yeah.
At first I thought maybe giving her my iPod saying,
you have to listen to this and play,
or the audio of you two talking about what I should do while I walked away.
But I thought better of it.
Oh,
Jesus Christ.
Don't do that.
Okay.
You better hope she never fucking hears any of this.
I never even thought of that.
So fucking wound up in my own bullshit.
Um,
he goes anyways,
I sought it.
I sorta just sat her down,
told her I loved her.
Very good.
Uh,
she,
she was at that point was going like,
all right,
he's either going to break up with me or telling me that he's gay.
Um,
look,
before we go anywhere,
I just want to,
you know that I love you.
No,
fuck.
Here it comes.
What do you got?
A third nipple.
So anyways,
he says that he loves her and that I wanted her to go to the dentist because
everyone should,
okay.
I told her I pay for her first visit and then get her on my dental plan when I
start work.
Fortunately she asks,
why does my breath stink?
Or something sort of with a laugh like she was except expecting me to say no,
but I kind of raised my eyebrows and shoulders and smirked a bit.
Oh.
Oh,
Nate's,
he goes,
wasn't this smooth,
smoothest way of doing it.
And she was a little taken aback,
but that was expected.
She thanked me for offering to pay and told me she'd start taking better care of
herself.
I don't think she can do much more though because I did see her brush and floss
all the time.
Should have said that before.
Clara clarifying some things anyways,
hopefully the dentist finds out what's wrong and everything turns out.
All right.
Thanks a bunch and thanks.
Thank Nia for me too.
All right,
there you go.
So,
um,
what was I going to say?
That that's a good deal.
Yeah.
She,
I remember hearing a story,
um,
I forget where the hell I heard it,
but
okay.
They turned out to be a sinus infection
and there's just something about like when your breaths just stinks,
like you just can't smell it,
which makes no fucking sense.
And every comic in the world,
he has done a joke that makes no sense cause you know is right above your mouth.
You got to be smelling it all fucking time and he can't and we'll thank God it
worked out.
Um,
I was actually meaning to read.
Uh,
advertising came for.
It's probably good that I read some nice emails after my previous fucking
hacking up a lung there.
Alright?
Trunk Club.
Everybody.
Um,
guys,
you might hate shopping,
but you still want to look good,
right?
Yeah.
Don't want to go to hell the mall,
but you are you fucking shirts to match,
right?
They always think we're so dumb.
Uh,
what did,
you could snap your fingers and now have a trunk full of clothes.
It fit perfectly and make you look amazing.
You're gonna love when you get a,
you got to love what gets delivered to you from Trunk club@trunkclub.com slash
Burr your answers.
You answer a few simple questions about your look,
your style and your size,
and then they assign a real person who will help style you.
You sons of bitches.
Do you understand how fucking easy your lives are?
They never had this shit when I was a kid,
okay?
You're getting your own personal stylist.
I'm actually jealous right now.
They email you a list of clothes they recommend,
they recommend sending you,
you approve.
And at no cost to you.
They ship a trunk full of fresh clothes to your door.
Well wait a minute,
do I get to see what this stylist looks like?
Why do I just get,
just give a carp launch that this person knows how to fucking dress.
Okay.
Cause they're on trunk.com.
Um,
anyways,
try them.
Try them on.
Keep what you want.
Send back what you don't in a prepaid box.
Jesus.
This is like Columbia records and tapes for clothes.
That's it.
A better wardrobe then you could ever pick out yourself.
You dumb bastard in minutes that I mentioned.
The service is free.
Your stylist,
the shopping,
the box,
even the shipping.
I'm trying to figure it out.
They make money.
Then I guess I got to charge you for the close,
right?
All 100% free.
When you go to trunk club.com/burr only pay for the clothes.
You keep.
No ongoing subscriptions,
no hidden charges,
no malls.
Just great close hand picks to your style.
Uh,
you're to thank me on this and right now it's completely free.
So go get started@trunkclub.com slash bird today.
That's trunk club.com/burr.
That sounds great.
My only question is once I get my trunk of clothes,
cause then I say,
okay,
don't send me any more clothes.
Please don't send me that pat better to our CD.
I never ordered that or cassette.
We are young.
Heartache to heartache we
love is a battlefield.
No,
my house,
she had all that,
that new age slash post apocalyptic videos.
Okay.
Was she also the one that worked hard for the money?
I've always fat pad better.
Tara was a less fun Joan jet,
you know?
Anyways,
okay.
Till she got with a room full of blues,
then down.
Then she finally let her hair down.
Me.
Andy's everybody.
Oh Shit.
Do I got any fucking win this week to sing this one?
All right,
this is going to be the tuberculosis version.
Boto boop.
Beyond these,
no more sweaty.
But you know what I've done.
I've done this so many times.
I might have to pull a staying here.
You know,
like when he just gives the people what they want.
He fucking sings the police songs,
but he does like a fucking reggae version of it.
I got it.
Is there a different version?
Do I even have that level of musical talent that I could do?
Um,
I want to say it.
Put a little bitty bap,
bap,
bap boo boo.
Yeah,
I think that's all I got.
Ah,
beyond ease me undies.
No more sweaty balls.
Me undies,
me undies.
Take them off in a stall in fucking get blown by another dude and then go back
to your fucking marriage.
Just because you're undercover,
gay doesn't mean your underwear.
It's gotta make you ball sweat.
Oh yeah.
You want them nice and fucking fresh at the rest area.
You're married,
but you're really gay.
Well,
I guess you can be married in BK.
I Dunno.
Whatever.
That was a different version of,
you know what that was?
That was a,
we wanted to give you the demo,
you know,
but we knew,
we knew what the tune was.
We knew where this song wanted to live,
but we weren't sure about the message.
Hello again everyone.
I'm nick.
Hi Car.
Um,
all right,
here we go.
Let's,
let's get it.
90% people.
That's the percentage of your life,
uh,
you spend in your underwear unless you signed up for a con,
like a,
not a commune when she joined a cult,
right?
Then you never wear underwear.
You do for the first week until the guy who you know got you in there,
finally says that he's actually Christ and he's going to bang your wife and then
eventually you right.
And then you drink the koolaid because who gives a shit at that point?
You both wanted die.
Right?
Um,
but you've got some high tops out of it.
But anyways,
underwear,
it gets old.
It gets old fast.
And you know that feeling of putting on old saggy underwear.
Who's kidding?
Who when you underwear quit your balls quit when your balls quit.
You don't get the race.
You need to know about me.
undies.com everybody,
me undies is the most comfortable underwear you will ever wear.
And it's insane how good they make you feel.
They fit perfectly,
perfectly.
They don't ride up on you and they,
they literally pull moisture
away from your skin.
See a stay cool.
I have mine on right now and I'm floating.
I'm actually wearing Hanes.
And you know what?
They don't make me smile the way me and he still me undies death.
That's like the the the girl you shouldn't,
you shouldn't have broken up with,
right.
This is like Hanes or like a,
that's a rebound relationship.
Anyways.
They have cool styles for both men and women.
Me,
undies,
me and he's no more sweaty claims.
We really mean it now,
but tube,
the tube.
Ooh,
sweaty,
but boop,
the booboo booboo.
Cool.
Whoa,
nice try coach.
Um,
they all look great.
Check out the photos for yourself.
Me on@meundies.com this quality would typically retail for two times the Biondi
price.
No retail middlemen.
More savings for you here.
I'll make it easy.
Go to [inaudible] dot com slash bar and get 20% off your first order and free
shipping.
Save even more.
When you buy a pack of them,
they guarantee you're going to be happy with them or your first pair is free.
So there you go.
You have trunk club,
bring over your pants and your shirts.
You get me undies to bring over your God Damn uh,
underwear.
What's left to do?
Shit,
shower and shave of dollar shave club.
Everybody.
You've heard me talking about dollar shave club for a while now.
The company that delivers amazing
for just a few dollars a week,
few bucks a month.
Sorry,
I know a razor that costs a few.
I know a razor that costs a few bucks delivery,
a great delivering a great shave seems too good to be true,
right?
But you really have to try the races.
That dollar shave club.com ravers raises will give you the most amazing shave
you've had in years.
Don't pay triple the price down at those goddamn pharmacies that are getting
everybody hooked on opiates.
Right?
And then everybody comes a heroin addict according to Real Sports with Bryant
Gumbel,
Hubble,
Ooh,
it's my Bryant Gumbel.
Whenever the report it comes back,
you know when he has a furrowed brow and he's looking down where it is fucking
notes and he's always like,
Ooh,
I can't even do it.
He's always like,
recently the higher register.
Oh God.
That guy,
like if you ever seen somebody wanted,
needs to smoke a joint more than that guy,
um,
don't pay triple the price when you can get a fantastic shape delivered just for
a couple of dollars,
but just a couple of dollars.
Come on,
they'll read this shit.
Uh,
you have to be an idiot to keep overpaying.
I Dunno why you would do it.
Maybe you saw your parents in an abusive relationship and the person who
should've left never did.
So it's manifesting that and you still going down to cvs paying 30 bucks for
five of them when he get 10 times that for less money with this shit per
delivered by your door.
Do I have,
you have to read the rest of this copy.
It's such a no brainer and a massive celebrity.
I'm a massive celebrity.
Sorry.
And I'm constantly getting my picture taken by the popper.
Razzi no,
Jesus Christ.
Who is this copy for?
Or some TV show.
I can't be seen with Nixon cut all over my face.
Dude,
I'm a balding redhead.
It doesn't make a fucking difference.
Uh,
don't be fooled by the price.
These raises other jet and you will never go back.
Plus they got doctor cabbies.
Easy shave butter.
It's phenomenal.
If you're still using old fashioned shave foam,
you're a loser and I feel bad for you.
Try Dollar Shave club.com uh,
slash bird today to get started,
but you'll wish you'd started sooner.
That's dollar shave club.com/burr.
God knows you.
Don't hear unless I say it three
times dollar shave club.com/bar.
All right,
let's get back to this shit here.
Oh,
by the way,
I bought a DVD the other day because I'm old.
All right.
I'm getting soundcloud taken off my computer because I'm bold.
Oh Shit.
Am I rapping?
Um,
I actually am getting a taken off fucking assholes.
I go to go into my fucking phone to play a song that I always play and all of a
sudden it's not available anymore.
There's a little cloud next to it.
Oh,
is that what you put it?
well thank you.
Thank you for solving my fucking full phone problem without even consulting me
first.
You fucking Weirdo.
I love,
like they act like they're doing me a favor.
Then I had to download something else to be able to do it and it was actually
going to cost me more money for this song that I already owned.
Why don't you just say my phones,
your phone's full.
Go move some of this shit to an external hard drive and then come back.
You can download more shit.
Why don't you just do that?
Stop acting like you're doing me a favor by.
Oh Hey,
I'll hold on some of your shit.
I Dunno.
I'm sure some fucking nerd will tell me that I'm being paranoid,
but I don't think I am.
So anyways,
I bought Joe Joe Mayor's new,
uh,
what's that new came out last year.
His um,
his followup to a secrets of the modern drummer or whatever the fuck it's
called.
And uh,
this is the one he did one a couple of years ago.
Okay.
That was about all these different,
you know,
molar techniques and all that type of shit.
Um,
boulder math,
they didn't all have different grips and all that shit cause he can play at
blinding speeds.
And never get tired.
Right.
Okay.
Cause he's using it all efficiently itself.
Physics of that Shit.
So this guy,
Joe,
Joe Mayor has the fastest based on foot I have ever heard in my life.
Good.
I know that's saying a lot for a single bass drum player,
this guy can do three,
four in a row.
Like I never heard anything like it blew people away and
it's basically the same kind of a like that push pull method that you do with
you,
with,
with uh,
with your hand.
He does it with his foot and just had the discipline to sit there and do it and
okay.
I saw Steve Gadd do something like that.
First one is up close video like 30 years ago and Joe Joe has just taken it to a
whole other level.
So now he has a DVD where he breaks it down and
yeah,
basically now that that knowledge is out there and then he showed everybody how
to do it.
I can't imagine
what this next generation of drummers is going to be just from from day one,
from the day one when you sit down to learn drums,
like that information is already on video for you to watch.
Like this is why like some of these kids I see every time I think I'm getting
better at drums or there'll be some eight year old kid,
not even on youtube cause there's already like,
you know you has always been kids like that,
but I'll just go down a guitar center or whatever and there's always some kid in
there after I play it.
I think I sounded all right if any other drummer was listening to like some kid
will just sit down.
I'm like,
ah,
you motherfucker,
there's always somebody better.
So anyways,
that's going to be my new obsession.
I mean if you could do half the shit that this guy did,
you know,
just being able to play along to so many of those
okay.
Songs just growing up.
Then it was like,
oh my God,
how's that guy's foot so fast?
It will be a joke.
Like do like the fact that this guy,
rather than just figuring out this shit himself and just hoarding it to himself
and not letting anybody film him,
the fact that he just shares it with everybody,
so fucking cool.
And he's like this total,
like it's a three DVD thing.
I mean,
the first one was like an hour and a half long.
I don't even know how long the other ones are.
One of them is just the entire history of the bass drum itself.
I mean,
this guy is obsessed in the,
a in a great way about the whole thing.
So I highly recommend it.
Um,
like I said,
I was laid up for fucking three,
four days and,
um,
that's all I did was just sit there and,
uh,
I watched the singer women in prison.
Okay.
And you'd think of like,
all right,
man,
this can't be worse than guys.
Yeah.
But you know,
oh my God,
just,
you know,
they just showed the blood after a fight that was on the floor between two and
they didn't even have any weapons.
I mean,
it looked like somebody fucking gut it a pig.
Fuck you.
I would never,
the only way I could ever survive in prison was the second I got there would be
to attack a guard and then survive the beat down.
And
every time they went to take me out of the hole,
I would just attack them again.
And then,
then they finally just decide that this person cannot be around anybody else.
Okay.
Yeah.
Then I would slowly go crazy.
They'd let me out once a day.
My vision would end up being fucked up.
Yo,
your eyes actually,
if they keep you on a cell long enough that actually fucks with your vision.
You lose your far sighted ability because you don't use it anymore.
Cause you're fucking looking.
You know,
you can't see beyond eight feet.
Isn't that fucked?
I saw something about that one time.
I can't remember where or do,
maybe somebody tells me that and they had no scientific background.
I have no idea.
But I'm presenting it as fact.
MMM.
What else?
Uh Oh Jesus.
I'm tapering off here.
Oh and I saw a commercial for the new fucking Cadillac
four door fucking sedan that's going to go 200 miles an hour.
How fucking great is that?
I swear to God,
I think we're handling global warming perfectly.
Just stay the fuck course and when it all just,
you know,
whatever,
when the water rises up like it is in Miami,
you know when that happens over the last bit of Greenland,
you know what a,
we had a good time.
We had a good fucking time.
We had a nice run.
No,
why not?
200 mile an hour sedan.
Phenomenal.
Um,
all right.
Let me read a couple more of these things.
I apologize for the weird breathing,
the sound of my fucking cough drop,
but I,
I'm a plain heart this week.
All right.
Give me a break.
Just be lucky you can't smell the Vicks vapor rub.
All right,
girlfriend flirting.
Girlfriend flirting.
Hello.
Red Billy boy.
I have a question for the podcast.
Um,
I met a great girl six month ago,
six months ago.
She's a real lady and she prides herself on being honest and loyal.
That's a red flag.
Anybody who says,
I pride myself on being honest and loyal.
I just feel like they're already fucking a,
that's like Roger Clemens when he used to always do the workout videos,
you know,
for the local TV.
Look how hard he works out and you find out he's fucking,
you know,
Dylan roids or whatever the fuck he get busted for.
Here's another one I noticed.
I watch a lot of reality TV with my wife and she watches the fucking,
uh,
the apprentice,
Donald Trump.
This is what I learned.
Anybody who uses that expression,
uh,
lead,
follow or get out of the way.
All right there.
They're always a fucking moron.
Yeah,
they're always,
it's,
they're basically saying like,
fuck it.
I want you to do everything my way.
That's such a moron.
Expression lead,
follow or get out of the way.
I don't know who came up with that,
but it was instantly on tee shirts and I never saw anybody remotely intelligent
with the tee shirt that said,
lead,
follow or get out of the way.
Okay.
It's just that classically,
I don't know if I know how to do shit lead,
follow or get out of the way.
Fucking [inaudible] was saying that,
okay,
this is how pathetic my life was.
I was watching iron Zeringue on,
uh,
it was my dog,
by the way.
I in Zara on fucking
the apprentice.
And he had to cut,
his team had to come up with a jingle for some sort of new fucking Budweiser
that they wanted to promote,
uh,
down in the Caribbean.
So he decides he's going to come up with a jingle that's between him and Johnny
Damon.
So,
you know,
the song's going to be good.
Right?
And he comes up with like
a,
you know,
drink fucking,
but why is it ba Ba da Ba da Ba da Ba da.
He just,
it's luck.
Kuka cucaracha and they're looking at him and he like,
he's like,
I gotta get away from you guys,
cause you're singing another stuff.
I need to go over here and create any cubs back with new lyrics for La Cucaracha
right.
The fucking he fucking vanilla iced it.
And then they're like,
dude,
that's,
Look Kuka.
Roger,
we can't use that.
And he got all fucking pissy so we gotta use something else or whatever.
He just kept saying lead,
follow,
or get or get out of the way.
So the,
the,
the project manager finally looks at him,
she goes,
I am leading.
And he goes,
well,
you got to delegate.
She goes,
I am delegating.
I need you to shut the fuck up.
It was great.
Then he got all mad.
He got mad.
And then what type for them to present it to Donald Trump.
He have fasted.
He didn't sing along.
He was a big fucking baby.
Okay.
How can you be 50 years old to be that big of a fucking baby?
I just was unreal.
You get a pout.
Ooh,
fuck.
Pouts at 50 I didn't get my way.
What did they take your fucking Pale and shovel gives a fuck.
Let somebody else write the song and if it's sucks,
they're going to get fired.
Puts your heart and soul into it.
And he didn't,
and he acted like a cunt.
And you know what?
He got himself fucking booted right back to Beverly hills.
Okay.
Yeah.
Poor bastard.
You know what?
If he was 10 years younger,
he would've got the good hair plugs.
You know,
he would've,
if he got those late 90 ones though,
I'll tell you,
it was a little rough one,
you know,
um,
what am I doing here?
Uh,
and then a girl six months ago,
right?
Here we go.
Lead,
follow,
or get out of the way.
Right?
All right.
Okay.
Yeah.
A few weeks ago
she said that she doesn't even flirt,
which seems seemed very odd.
Yeah,
yeah.
She's already like cheese or let me just recap this.
She's a real lady and she prides herself on being honest and loyal.
A few weeks ago she said she doesn't even flirt,
which seem very odd.
A few days later I heard her giggling and being very flirty with this guy she
studies with.
I confronted her about this and she said,
this is how she always talks to him and I'm overreacting.
I let it go.
Since I always sometimes flirt with other girls when she's not around this week,
she's going on vacation with her colleagues.
This guy is also going all the same guy.
Oh,
Jesus,
I brought up the vacation subject and mentioned that in trips,
uh,
that I've been as a single guy,
there was a lot of sex and partying.
Uh,
she says that they don't do that and tries to change the subject.
Let me guess.
Is she going to hedonism on the island there?
Wherever the fuck that goes down.
Uh,
she says,
I don't think that she is cheating by feel that she is hiding something.
She also doesn't seem very attracted to me lately.
Even those she says,
so what's your take on this one?
What do you think about flirting?
Uh,
thanks and go fuck yourself.
Um,
I think you're with a lying sack of shit.
Who's a sociopath and they're saying all the right fucking things.
MMM.
And it's also somebody that is,
hasn't found who they want to be with and they're afraid to be alone.
So they just get with people.
And when the initial attraction wears off,
they rather than break up,
they just keep fucking lying.
And I never knowingly,
intentionally lied.
I think you have to listen to your gut here.
I think she's,
I think it's is the tip of the iceberg.
This is only six months in.
She's going on a fucking vacation with other colleagues to six months in at this
chick was in the u.
She'd want to go on vacation with you.
She wants to go on vacation with this fucking creep.
She caught her flirting with after she said she doesn't flirt when you didn't
even give her shit about flirting.
She went out of her way to say,
she doesn't flirt.
Give me a fucking break.
Hey,
I'm a really honest and loyal person.
Oh,
by the way,
I don't do heroin.
Why?
Why,
why did you just bring that up?
Oh,
you know,
I'm just,
it's putting it out there.
I don't believe in it.
Casino,
all the spoons are bent.
Uh,
that's just my gut.
The way you presented it to,
by the way,
you might have left some stuff out,
but the way you presented it,
I think she's,
I think she's a fucking lie.
Uh,
all right.
Ps,
thank you for sharing your honest insight.
You funny bastard.
I love the advice on life and women.
And they also don't trust banks settled.
That's nice.
All right,
well I don't trust your girlfriend.
How about that?
What did he say?
What he say there?
Huh?
What you say there?
Um,
you know what's funny about that?
And if she actually did cheat and you confronted her about it on one of these
fucking TV shows that they would actually still,
they would still somehow blame the guy.
You know what I mean?
I love that shit.
Like,
oh,
they actually,
this,
there's an article somewhere on the Internet.
I saw it,
you know,
those things that they try to just get you to click on it and it always works
for me.
You know,
the top 10 bad celebrity nose jobs,
the top 10 fucking gangster movies of all time,
blah,
blah.
They had the top 10 reasons women cheat.
Right.
So I looked it up in eight of the reasons we're the guys fault.
It's the funniest fucking shit ever.
Oh,
another movie,
I saw a little bit of,
remember that movie monster with Charlie's Theron.
Um,
that movie is one of the most sexist movies of all fucking time,
but we'll never be called on it because it's,
it's going in the other direction.
The fact that that is a movie about a serial killer is it's like when you look
at movies about serial killers,
like the Jeffrey Dahmer One,
the Henry Portrait of a serial killer.
They are,
they are fucking,
they are monsters,
right?
This fucking movie,
despite the fact it was called monster,
it was a Goddamn love story and they justified so much of her killing to the
point when she finally gets busted.
It's this big emotional moment of when her,
her lover is,
is kind of betrayer and rat or out on the stands in his shirt.
You know,
Charlie's,
his character is sitting there crying.
She's saying with their eyes like,
it's okay baby.
I understand.
Do you know how fucking infuriated I would be if I was a re a relative?
What are the actual victims of that absolute fucking lunatic serial killer?
They almost made her a fucking hero.
I mean,
I was waiting for this Sally field moment was,
she's just stands up and holds a union now is,
you know,
for other fucking female serial killers.
It was ridiculous.
I Dunno,
I don't,
I don't have any,
uh,
I dunno.
I'm getting very extra jaded as I get older and I,
I,
I'm giving a fuck less about people's complaints because I'm finding they never
complained for other people.
They're always bitch and for themselves.
Right?
Like take the Oscars women got up there,
right?
And they complain that they don't get paid enough and blah,
blah,
blah.
Now why are they complaining?
Are they complaining because it's unfair or are they complaining because it's
unfair and it's happening to them?
You know what I mean?
Okay.
Which is the reason why guys are complaining about it.
Cause they don't give a fuck about it because it's not happening to them.
But that doesn't make women better people because women don't give a fuck about
the shit that's happened in the guys.
Have you ever seen a woman out there that gives a fuck that there's yet another
fucking man standing in a bay window looking out,
seeing a FedEx or a ups truck pulling up as he's just sitting there having a
mini heart attack thinking in his head,
Jesus Christ,
what the fuck did she buy now?
Yeah,
she's spending all my fucking money.
What the fuck could she have possibly bought now?
She's spending it faster than I can make it.
You know?
What about that financial dynamic?
Do they ever bring that up?
You've ever seen a woman's stickup for a guy in that fucking situation,
why would they?
They don't have time.
They have their own fucking problems.
So that's how I view it.
Oh,
is that what's happening to you?
Ah,
it sucks for you.
Okay.
I don't really feel that,
but it's just,
it's just fun to annoy people sometimes.
Um,
all right,
let's plow ahead here.
Okay.
I do I and look,
obviously I feel like people should make the same amount,
you know,
if you do the same fucking job,
all right?
But you know,
when you're also completely fucking that same group of people over that you're
bitching about in a hundred other fucking areas of life and you choose to
overlook at it,
over look it.
You know what I mean?
Maybe guys make more money so we can afford to fucking get a one bedroom
apartment after you keep the fucking house during the divorce.
Maybe give it think,
maybe that's why we make more from per movie.
Okay.
Yeah,
I dunno.
Just anyways,
in general,
just watching people complaining about being in movies is,
is something fucking hilarious to me.
There's just something about,
I've ever since I went to India,
it's just over when I listened to myself complain,
there's always in the back of my head,
I just think of some of the shit that I saw that and it all just becomes funny
to me.
Not in a disrespectful way to India,
but like laughing at myself that what my complaints are.
You know,
when I pretend to be a cowboy,
I don't make as much as you do.
La,
what size is your mansion?
Um,
fat shaming help.
Hey there,
Billy.
Back on the wagon.
I am back on the wagon.
I mean,
I had a couple of,
fuck,
I had a glass of wine last night,
but I,
I have not been Busan.
Okay.
This is,
and what a good boy had been.
Paul Versey
the Great Paul Versey was at my house and I watched the smoke a Cuban cigar and
I did not smoke on with them.
And by the way,
he saw the rebuild downstairs and he gave it rave reviews.
Rave reviews,
rave.
I'll tell you right now,
I will fucking put my downstairs bathroom.
I will put this bathroom up against any fucking bathroom in a five mile radius.
All right?
Set saying something in La.
There's a lot of fucking
super talented people out here that they have.
They got bathroom money.
All right?
I am a dancing monkey level.
So I took my dancing monkey money and I put it into a fucking,
I tell you right now,
this is not a day.
Yeah,
it's not a fucking day.
It's the greatest fucking thing ever.
Okay?
Everybody thinks you put a bathroom in for the broad.
They don't fucking get you put a steam shower and it's fucking over.
It's unreal.
The only miss missing from it is,
and then in that steam is just a fucking,
a fucking gorgeous [inaudible] walks through it.
You know,
it finishes you off with a handy.
Would that be fucking phenomenal?
Okay.
Can you imagine how much more forgiving the business world would be if every
man's day started that way?
Oh,
okay.
Don't understand though.
But the church churches against it can't have that happen.
Can you imagine that?
You know,
and then you spray a little eucalyptus in the air afterwards.
It's just who's fighting on the subway?
Nobody.
And if elected,
every man gets a steam shower and they're handy to start the business day.
All right.
Fat Shaming a Billy back on the wagon.
Uh,
love the podcast and also of the form with you and Joey roses.
That was supposed to hang out with roses the other night.
I was too sick,
man.
I fucking love that.
Son of a bitch.
MMM.
I'm six one and used to weigh 370 pounds and now I'm down to 219 pounds.
You're God damn right.
You are good for you,
dude.
That's fucking insane.
Okay.
That is a 151 pounds.
My math is correct that if my math is correct.
Wow.
If that,
that thing that I overheard in a bar that says,
if you're fucking every pound of fat is five miles of capillaries,
that's like 605 miles you just took off of of road that you fucking hard as the
pump every time it goes,
whoa,
Whoa,
Whoa Wolf.
That's fucking phenomenal.
I said,
took me a little more than a year to lose that much and you were a big help with
that.
Your podcast makes working out fun after all.
What could be more fun than old Billy boys screaming about nerds of the
government?
More than that,
you're fat shaming always makes me work a little bit harder and I've had never
noticed the way I'd get derailed by sugar and salt combo that you frequently
talk about.
Uh,
for a functionally illiterate,
angry headcase,
you drop quite a bit of knowledge,
my friend,
I'm telling you.
Well,
you look,
I do the same thing everybody else does.
I fucking Yo yo up and down.
But I keep it within a 20 mile,
20 mile a 20 pound thing.
Like I went back up to a buck 84 down to one 68.
That's my wheelhouse.
One 68,
one 72 and went all the way back up to like fucking a buck 84.
And I'm disgusted with myself and uh,
back down to,
uh,
what is it like one a one 78 [inaudible] 79.
So I dropped five pounds and this is what I do.
I just,
I just immediately,
I,
I um,
I actually will go to the gym because there,
if I just get on a fucking elliptical,
all right,
for 45 minutes and then do the five minute cool down,
I just start doing that every fucking day.
And it fucking socks for the first three days,
the first three days.
And that first fucking night when you stop eating around five or six and you
just had a protein with a salad and then he just crushed and waters for the rest
of your night UK.
But you got that sugar and salt,
you fucking addicted to it because you've been eating it is go get some ice
cream,
get a burger or a pizza,
go make yourself some eggs.
You just have to fight through that.
So like I'm on it right now.
So what I do is I have a,
I have salary in Turkey slices and even then a lot of those that Turkey sliced,
it will have a lot of salt in it.
So I kind of limit that,
but I just,
uh,
I'll put a little peanut butter on a fucking
piece of salary.
Just shut those things down.
You feel mean fucking eating salaries like Eaton air and uh,
all you gotta do is just make it through the first night and the next night is
way easier as far as the food thing goes.
But cardios sucks for three days from me.
And then after that,
then I'm fucking addicted to it.
Which is how I got sick cause I knew I was feeling run down and I still went and
did another fucking 50 minutes,
walked out of the gym,
the wind was blowing.
I don't got a lot of fucking shingles on the roof anymore.
And next thing you know I got a bowl.
But anyways,
that is a big thing is not only acknowledging your sugar,
salt addiction,
but understanding how it affects you.
Because I would think just like everybody,
it affects everybody differently.
But like knowing like,
like the other day I was just,
so I was,
I was trying to eat well as long as I could through trying to beat this cold.
And then finally I just had enough,
I just was like,
fuck this man,
I just want a pizza.
And I ordered a pizza.
And
I remember thinking,
all right,
I'm meeting this at night.
This is all salt is going to send my salt to the fucking roof.
And then tomorrow morning I'm either gonna want more salt with a big fucking
eggs and sausages and that shit,
or I'm going to go the other direction.
And for some reason like I don't know why,
I just feel like I want a waffle.
Yeah cause they had a whole fucking pizza the night before and it's literally,
it's like people who fucking drink booze cause they did too much coke and you
trying to even yourself off and what you really need to do is just wake up
knowing that you're going to be craving those things and you plow through it and
you just make the oatmeal instead and you shoveled that shit down and within
three spoonfuls your body will start to fucking level out and you'll remember
that,
oh food is supposed to energize me,
not dragged me down to the fucking Matt.
And if you can remember that for me anyways,
that's how I was able to keep,
I'd like,
I've gone down to a buck 68 like probably four times since I moved out to la.
And this time I'd stayed within one 68 a buck 72 for almost a year,
year and a half.
And I used to,
when I would get down,
it takes me like six months to get down to that level.
And then the second I got down to that level,
I would reward myself with the fucking cheeseburger and I would like,
Hey,
I've been sober six months,
let me go shoot up some to fucking celebrate.
You do.
I'm doing the exact same thing.
And then you just fucking,
you're right back.
You know,
Jason The dragon man.
And then I would just like Jesus Christ,
you could put it back on,
you know,
six months to take it off,
put it back on in six weeks.
And I would,
uh,
I would fight it,
but it would take me like,
you know,
two and a half months gotta be right back to a bucket,
like the most depressing fucking number.
That second number is when I see that eight,
I,
I just,
I just refuse to fucking be above a buck 80,
um,
with my building,
everything.
So I'm at least back down to one 79 [inaudible] 78 or something.
I'm gonna start working out again tomorrow.
Go right back on the fucking elliptical.
And,
uh,
um,
I'm going to try to have the discipline this time to actually get a truly,
like try to get my six pack back one last fucking time before I slide into 50.
And
Yeah,
just the level of discipline and the understanding of nutrition that I'm going
to have to have.
I really want to fucking do it.
And I told you I'm going to do this bit.
I'm so sick of fucking people who book movies and then they get upset that
fucking Hollywood tells him to work out.
It's,
it's fucking ridiculous.
It's like you gotta to be in a fucking movie and then the people are going to
put a mill millions of dollars into this thing.
They're trying to not lose money that trying to get their money back.
You know,
I'm not giving anybody shh.
I know it's hard to lose weight.
And for other people it's,
it's harder but futile fucking complain that somebody wants you to look good in
a movie or to look your best.
It once again,
it's fucking ridiculous.
So,
um,
okay.
Those people that are,
you know,
fucking Brad Pitt's in his fifties.
The guy's still has,
you know,
abs like the level of dedication that is in fucking,
and he's got his own personal chef.
I don't give a fight.
A personal chef would be like,
man,
I mean I would,
what's he gonna say?
No
telling you it's a fucking discipline and I,
and I don't have it.
I have the discipline to get to within about eight pounds of it.
And then I just,
I give into like the uh,
hey man,
I'm like,
I'm a buck 68.
I'm like 17 pounds away from where the fuck I just was going to have a burger.
I'm going to have a fucking bud tall at this bar.
I,
dude,
I go off the rails the worst.
So this time I'm going to try and uh,
I'm going to try to see this one through,
which is why I'm saying this out loud.
So,
because I figure you guys will be checking in at a month or so to see how I'm
doing it.
Give me shit if I doubt or heckled me on the road.
And if Fatty freckles,
whatever the hell are you going to say?
So anyways,
this is getting back to this guy.
Uh,
anyways,
I still need to lose another 20 or so,
but I'm less worried about that,
that I am with gaining it all back.
This is where I need some more help from old freckles.
They're,
oh,
you know what?
I think I just brought it up here.
I was hoping you could give me some fat shaming on the podcast that I could use
for inspiration if I start to gain some of the weight back.
Basically,
if you could just give me some version of self talk in the mirror when you start
to gain weight,
that would be amazing.
Uh,
as always,
go fuck yourself.
Hey,
this is what you do.
Like,
you know how much work it took you.
You know what I would do?
I would write down,
I would write down the amount of months.
I would write the amount of days,
the amount of hours,
and right down to the minutes that you had to work to get down.
And then just right.
Just something to motivate yourself,
you know,
are you going to give it,
you're going to give it all back.
You stupid cunt,
you know,
don't give it back dope.
And you know what happens?
You're going to put that on your wall or on your bathroom mirror and this is
what's going to happen,
alright,
that's gonna motivate you for about six days.
And then what's going to happen is this,
just to be,
it's going to be a party.
You brushing your teeth and it's not going to hold the same meeting.
So what you have to do is you have to constantly be updating that,
all right?
And you basically,
you got to get yourself into the fucking mindset.
Like you're not,
you're not giving it back.
All right?
So this is what I would do.
Okay?
There's gotta be holidays,
it's gotta be birthdays is going to be,
you know,
the night out or whatever.
Okay?
But this is what you gotta do.
I if I would weigh myself every morning.
So you don't,
you don't fucking not weigh yourself,
you know,
for months on end because that's all of a sudden how you get 40 pounds,
40 pounds behind the fucking eight ball.
Right?
You weigh yourself every day.
Okay.
And if she went out and you know,
you ate bad or whatever,
you decided to treat yourself,
all right,
you're going to be a couple of pounds over.
Okay.
Then you got to discipline.
Like I gotta get back down to where the fuck I was.
And then you have to have a number that is,
it's just unacceptable.
Like with me,
it's a buck 80 unacceptable.
When I see that eight,
it's fucking over.
I don't give a shit if it's Thanksgiving tomorrow.
Oh,
who's can't do,
I'm fucking eating thanksgiving,
but like,
it's,
it's done.
Um,
what did you say your weight was here?
You were three.
Seven.
So now you're down to two 19.
All right.
Um,
so I would just say when that second number is three,
that's it.
That's it.
Shut it down.
And I'm telling you,
give you self that small of a fucking window,
you got that small of a fucking journey back it.
What happens is,
as you know,
I have friends who have weight issues.
What happens is,
is when they start putting it back on that self loathing,
I fucking hate myself.
And they,
you know,
they just haven't learned that skill yet
to just fucking grab that demon by the throat and fucking choke slam it.
It just,
just turn it back around before you go a hundred miles in the wrong direction.
And now you've got to go a hundred back.
That's a tour to mile trip.
You could get 10 miles down the fucking road Turner,
right back to 20 miles.
No big deal.
All right,
so you just really have to be like,
listen,
like for me to sit there and act like a little bit to 19 for the rest of my
fucking life,
it never go up a little bit or maybe go down a little bit is fucking nuts.
Um,
if we act like I'm never gonna fucking have a piece of pie or you know,
some comfort food is ridiculous,
but you just have to have like those be special things that you do and you have
to learn how to live at that weight.
And I would actually,
now that you're down at two 19,
whatever you did,
I would also be always looking for some new way to work out,
you know,
a fucking boxing gym,
a hike,
bike riding,
swimming,
anything you'd can do because the same way that note on your,
on your fucking bathroom mirror just becomes part of your day and you,
you,
you just get bored.
Um,
if you get bored with your workout,
that gets dangerous because you know,
you don't,
you never get bored eating.
You just,
there's always,
you know,
it's funny,
you always go,
oh Jesus book,
what kind of tootsie rolls at East?
Let me try these.
You always deal with that.
You've got to do the same thing with like,
you're fucking your workouts there.
I'm done fucking preaching.
All right.
This podcast is getting ridiculous.
He law dude,
that,
that actually what you just did is,
is inspired me to go to the fucking gym tomorrow,
man.
Good for you,
dude.
That's,
that's an odd,
I've never had to try to lose weight for over,
for over a year.
Um,
that's unbelievable.
So did you work that fucking hard man?
You can't do that.
You can't give that back.
You just can't.
You can't.
And you have to keep reminding yourself in a new way.
All right?
Yeah.
Make yourself proud.
Don't fuck yourself over.
All right.
Sleazy Douche.
I built this guy's from Scotland or he is a fucking pirate.
Longtime listener.
Love Your Shit.
Saw You're both times in Sydney.
Please stop.
All right.
Maybe he's a Scot from Sydney.
I don't know.
Okay.
Maybe he's like Bond Scott.
Right?
Ah,
fuck.
Alright.
This is fucking cunt.
He grew up with my girlfriend.
I love Australia.
What a way to start a fucking thing.
There's this fucking kid.
He grew up with my girlfriend as the lovable,
sleazy guy that everyone tolerates.
I got to hate that dude.
That's just,
that's just insert.
That's just so and so.
That's how he is.
They say.
So recently he commented on a photo of my girlfriend leaning forward and
unintentionally showing some cleavage on Facebook and I can't stop thinking
about wanting to slap him.
All he wrote,
uh,
was Jesus.
But what kind of his cock sucker think it's okay to comment on someone's ladies
at,
uh,
someone else's lady in a public forum.
Any idea on how I can satisfy my desire to write this situation without making
it too uncomfortable for my girl?
Uh,
thanks and go fuck yourself.
Yeah.
All right.
Well,
first things first.
I think your assessment of this person.
Everybody knows this person.
Uh,
secondly,
I don't know how,
you know how your girlfriend accidentally leans forward and unintentionally
shows too much cleavage.
This wasn't a video somebody else took that was shot live.
This is a photo.
I'm guessing she uploaded it,
so she was all right with it.
How do you accidentally,
oops.
Is that my ball bag?
I know I have to upload it.
You know what I mean?
Um,
yeah.
I don't understand why,
uh,
why this person is a,
in her life or in anybody's life.
Um,
there's a bunch of different ways you can go with this.
She can go,
I dunno what do,
what do you do?
I mean,
I,
yeah,
I want you to say something to the guy,
but I don't think it's going to work though.
That'd be,
if this is a movie,
you walk up and you slap him in the face,
right?
But then your,
your girlfriend appreciates you and then a reciprocates a physically,
but we know that's not how the world works,
don't we?
So,
um,
yeah.
We also know you can't,
you can't blame your girlfriend.
So,
uh,
what do you do?
Jesus Christ.
This is a fucking quagmire.
I thought this is going to be easy.
This is God damn quick here.
So recently come into the photo.
MMM.
You know,
he's a fucking jerk off.
Why waste your fucking time?
This is what you do.
You know what?
You just put that in the old memory bank,
right?
The next time you're out there playing Aussie rule footballs and he's on the
other fucking team,
right?
And I say footballs,
Ozzy roof,
Ozzy rules,
right.
Maybe was actually me.
That was a Freudian slip about fucking kicking the right in the balls.
You take them out,
that's what you do.
Oh,
you just wait.
You get pick your fucking,
this might be one of those ones where you laid back,
right?
You pick your fucking spot and uh,
you know when the time is fucking right,
you make your point,
you look them right in the eye and you,
you,
you fucking,
you make your point.
Who knows if he pushes you it,
you get to slap.
You don't look like an asshole.
Right.
Was that all right?
I Dunno.
For some reason that gave really fucking annoys me.
I might've given you bad advice cause I kinda got a little bay emotions get the
best of me there.
All right,
let me read it,
another couple of fucking ads here that we can wrap this thing up.
Um,
yeah,
that's what I would do.
I would bank that one.
I would beg that one.
Um,
worst case scenario I would ask your girlfriend,
like,
why is this jerk off in your social circle?
Social Circle?
Just hear and be like,
all right.
Why?
Why would throwing uh,
cause I,
I think he's not a good person.
I think he's a dirt bag.
Like why do you say that?
Well cause he's commenting about your boobs.
Oh well that was chairs pool.
It just be like,
all right.
They just leave it at that.
You said you'd think to her that whatever.
Okay.
Oh that sucks.
That if you fucking slap him in a bar,
you can establish motive with her for the conversation that you know she's not
going to forget.
That's a tough one.
You might have to go fucking psycho on this one.
You might have to just,
it's never good when you keep it.
T's fucking keep it to yourself.
Just don't fucking do physical arb tube.
But today's bitch slap a nice lead timed bitch slap.
That could be a good thing.
Next time he says something.
Oh Dude,
that would be hilarious.
The next time he's out that everybody's sitting around all coupled up and he's
just the fucking jerk off.
Right.
And he makes some sort of rude covet.
Slap them across the face.
Not Hard.
Well you'd like actually do physical damage.
Just slap him in the face like you would a kid.
Yeah.
And then you point right in his face.
It just be like,
hey babe yourself,
like whatever a parent would say to like an eight year old,
it just leave it at that.
It even if everybody thinks you're a psycho at the end of the day,
you still dead it.
Okay.
And you know what?
Even if he is a cut,
he's got to watch his fucking mouth around you.
That's more fucking belittling than getting punched in the face of someone just
fucking just,
you know what?
If you just grabbed the,
you know your mother used to grab you on either side of your cheeks and she
fucking,
you know,
she'd grow.
I can't,
I don't know how to explain it.
She just pitched both of your cheeks and then you fucking fish pocket up your
fish,
your lips,
puck it up like fish lips.
He fucking grabbed you that she'd wag a finger right in your face.
Just give one of those.
Okay.
So it's a real parental and humiliating.
Oh,
get up on the bed.
What's up buddy?
Huh?
Fuck a dog.
I really hung out with you for the last four days and I realized that you sleep
12 hours a night and four hours during the day you get up to to go to the
bathroom or eat or to come up on the bed and be pet and that's it.
You know what?
You got no goals
fucking perfectly all right.
Legal Zoom,
everybody.
If you're thinking about starting a business,
a,
I'm getting a little fucking clogged up here on my nose.
If you're thinking about starting a business,
now's the best time to do it.
Guess what?
Everybody?
This month is also national start.
Start Your business month@legalzoom.com and it's never been easier and easier to
start building your future.
Legal Zoom provides the support you need for more than,
Oh fuck you.
You guys are going to give me shit for having the original ring.
Okay,
where is it?
Oh,
it rings for like nine hours.
Bump,
bump,
bump.
You know what?
Some fucking
that was actually played by a three year old prodigy Chinese kid in a sweatshop
in mainland China.
That's what a lot of people don't know and what people don't know is that rather
than recording of,
they found that it was cheaper that would ever somebodies phone rings,
they make him play it live.
They thought it would sound better,
they'd sell more phones so he never gets to sleep.
That's a true story.
Uh,
it's national.
Start Your business month,
everybody at legal,
zoom.com,
and it's never been easier to start building your future.
I love how it's going to play again to let me know I have a message.
Legal Zoom provides the support you need for more than 10 years.
They've helped a million business owners just like you.
I fucking know I am a message.
Okay?
Jesus Christ.
If you need advice for your business,
no problem.
Legal,
Zoom,
Leo's those love.
Not a law firm,
but they built a network of trusted attorneys to provide you with guidance if
you need it,
it's there for your specific situation.
Here's the best part.
During National Start Your Business month legal service,
offering an attorney consultation for only $50.
If you're unsure about the best way to add or if you're already,
if you've already run a business and needs some advice,
this offer is for you.
Get legal advice for your business with no further obligation for a low one time
costs.
Go to legalzoom.com today to find out more attorney consultations are provided
by independent attorneys available in most states.
Get the legal help you need for your
business@legalzoomdotcomenterburburareandthereferralboxtosaveevenmorelegalzoom.com
Promo Code burr legal help is here.
And finally,
okay,
lastly,
but not leastly.
Okay,
sorry.
I was trying to,
they can make the noise.
I'm fucking,
whenever I scratch your back,
the noise she makes.
Well she does it just molds.
All right.
stamps.com everybody,
you know that feeling you get when,
when,
uh,
when you get things done with just the click of a mouse.
Now I doubt I suck with technology.
Um,
I dream of that day.
Uh,
it can't get any more convenient than that.
Well,
and now you can have that exact same feeling right at your desk.
Everybody when you're mailing and shipping gets done without having to go to the
post office,
thanks to who stamps.com they are the hero of this copy.
Everybody Stamp Startcom turns your PC or Mac into your own personal post office
that never closes.
Talk about convenient,
why I oughta buy and print official US postage for any letter or package using
your computer or printer.
Then just hand the mail the mail man or mail lady or drop it in a mailbox should
dump.
Fuck do we gotta do everything for you and you'll never have to go to the post
office again.
I use stamps.com to send out all my posters for my big time tours like the Billy
Bible Belt Tore.
Coming down to the south,
I going to have a nice fucking poster that's going to be me fucking preaching at
the pulpit,
fire and brimstone and I'm sending those things out via stamps.com right now.
Use My last name,
bur for this special no risk offer,
no risk trial plus $110 bonus offer,
which includes a digital scale,
calculates exact postage for letters and packages and up to $55 free postage.
Do not wait.
Go to stamps.com before you do anything else,
click on the microphone@thetopofthehomepageandtypeinburburthatstamps.com enter
bar.
Uh,
so yes,
we have no bananas.
That's the name of the tour.
The,
uh,
the Billie Bible belt tour.
We had the Billy red state tour and keep staying with the Billy named Billy
Bible belt.
I thought about Billy Bob Bible belt summit,
some south,
no,
Billy Bible belts,
old freckled fury is coming through the south.
I thought about Berman's march,
you know,
and I'm,
I can't do that cause that's gonna I can't rub it into their faces that not only
did we win the civil war,
but we committed war crimes.
You know,
was it a war crime?
Well,
we won,
right?
Let's it.
Um,
I did a night or two,
many stars.
So look for that.
I did a little bit of stand up on that in a Martha Stewart just stared at me the
entire time,
which was a,
it was unsettling.
You know,
when you see somebody famous to the crowd,
you want them to at least acknowledge that you're there and maybe laugh cause
you think that they know something.
Would they have a fucking empire?
She wasn't feeling it.
Um,
all right,
Jon Stewart hosts,
who's the greatest fucking guy ever in this.
So in tribute of him,
in all his great work that he did on the daily show,
this is your moment of Zen.
This is my dog getting a back rub.
All right,
thanks for listening to fuckers.
Go fuck yourselves.
I'll talk to you next week.